# SystemAnalysisAndDesign
## Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The client for my project is DriverPass, a company designed to deliver convenience for driving trainees to be comfortable with passing written exams as well as to get on-hand experience with driving under the supervision of certified trainers. The system I designed was a user interface that can direct users to different sub-functionalities such as viewing online courses, scheduling in-person lessons with trainers, and checking their current learning status.
## What did you do particularly well?
One thing I did well was I successfully created a preliminary interface that integrated all required features with addresses and focuses rather than providing tons of useless information that the user did not want/need
## If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
One area that I still want to improve on is the design of the login system. In the future I would like to add a session expiry system that blocks the IP address out for certain period of time if log in is not successfully after multiple attempts. This is to prevent DDoS attacks and misuses.
## How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
All user's needs were properly interpreted by reading the conversion transcript multiple times and understanding what the user and client really wanted. The importance of understanding the material before designing is to ensure that everyone has a big picture of what's going on and the whole team is heading towards the correct direction
## How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
There are multiple strategies I have learned from this course. As a conclusion of everything I have learned, one key point when dealing with any new designs is to understand both the technical requirements and business requirements. Specifically there might also be functional vs non-functional requirements, and understanding all requirements would be critical in not just making  the design look good but also to ensure the entirety of the design follows client's need and user's need.
